The Joe Rogan experience. Uh, Whitney Cummings is here and Whitney Cummings too.
What do you call her?
What's your name?
She's like a little kid. She just repeats her name.
Is there a comedy albums? Which typically makes songs with non-musical.
Sandler.
Broken.
Don't know why she.
Has this album named for she's like Siri.
Oh, what's your name? Was it a comedy album of Adam?
Sandler's so she started rambling about it. She really wants to chime.
In. So you never gave her a name.
Her name is bear claw.
Whoa.
Because I have this. Can you say hi?
Of course. I can say that. Hi.
People who are listening to this going, what in the is going on here? Do not.
Smoke way too much. That's.
What is here is when there's people that are just listening.
If you're just listening,
you probably should stop this and go to YouTube and watch the
YouTube version.
Because Whitney brought a robot that they made for her recent comedy
special, which is called, can I touch it? It's out right now on Netflix.
And they made a is who makes this? What's the name of the.
So real doll makes the body,
they make sex doll straight up sex dolls and they straight up sex dolls,
just Ted Bundy level, right. Dead body to.
And this is real botics is the company that makes the head.
And they did like Sophia, you know, Sophia, the robot. She was like,
she has like citizenship in Saudi Arabia now, and. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Look up a Sophia, the robot. She's kind of,
once you see her face you'll you'll recognize citizenship.
As they get to drive.
Yeah. It was just like a female robot to us,
but I don't think actual females do, but.
I think they just started being able to drive and Saudi Arabia.
That'd be such a bummer. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. It's like,
you've spent your whole life not having to drive. And then all of a sudden,
now you have to.
Be like, that's an interesting take.
I have to go to school and drive and.
I feel the robot. They made her look like X mocking,
a style where you could see the back of her head though.
I can do that with her. I can take her wig off at the end,
show you all the servos and. Come on. X mocking as hot.
It is odd. That was what was really weird about that movies.
You wanted to that robot. Like she was hot. Like she was, she was seductive.
But do you think part of it was like the innocence of it?
I'm not really in the inner sense. So I don't think so.
Well what about X Mokena? Cause she really had big boobs.
She wasn't very sexual. She have hair. Yeah. Well she's gorgeous.
Um, it's based on, I think,
because she was flirting with him and because she was
trapped and because like he could save her and she would
love him. And I mean, that's really what was going on in the movie.
Like she was playing this game to get him to fall in love with her so that she
could eventually escape the end, the movie,
spoiler alert when she leaves him locked in that room and he's smashing at the
door trying to get out and she gets it out of helicopter. That's going to help.
That's what's going to happen because I think the most up thing about this
thing, because this is such a weird experiment that I want to do is how I
anthropomorphize her and like worry about her to keep her around your house.
I mean, she's sort of in my fiance, hates her and he's like,
get her in the garage.
And I don't know if he thinks she's creepy or kind of is just like too worried.
Oh. He hates her. He can't stand. He just has a he's like,
it makes him like physically really? And I I'm trying.
To not take something. It's funny. He.
Doesn't let, he's like, one's enough. He's like not interested at all, but no,
he thinks it's really weird and creepy. But I was reading about, um,
the reason we're creeped out by robots is, you know, pathogen avoidance,
like we've evolved to be repelled by anything that looks human,
but doesn't move like a human because our primordial brain thinks it could be
diseased. It's like,
it's basically like our primal brain saying don't this thing. That's sick. Real.
Wow. Cause we have a weirdly, I mean, I was,
Jessie may polusa was over the other day and she was like gagging.
She was calling every time she talked to me.
Like she was seeing it.
And I was like, your ancestors. A lot of corpses.
Cause you have that gene to be repulsed by robots.
Yeah. It's because her ancestors corpses. You really believe them.
No. I mean,
I think that what was being explained to me was that pathogen avoidance means
we've evolved to be repelled by anything that looks human,
but doesn't move like a human cause it could be sick or dead.
And it's our brain's alarm system saying like, don't that.
Wow. But as a woman, like she's not going to it.
So why would it freak her Jessie? She might.
I have not put nothing past Jessie man.
Of her Instagram photos of her with her pants off. I know it's.
So good. But I'm like, if you puke on my robot, you owe me a hundred grand.
It will. It's short circuit. If it gets wet.
I PR I don't know. It's a good point. Wow.
Oh, they not make that thing. Waterproof the spoons and all over the place.
If you pay this much money,
you're probably not gonna spoon or you know this one. Yeah. This one, the body.
So it's expensive because the head moves the body's not that how much.
Has over $6,000.
Oh, so it's $94,000 where the head.
No, the head is more the heads like 30 something. Cause it's a custom head.
No one only one of them.
The person has one, but you said the whole thing's a hundred.
So that's 30 in the body. Six. Where's the, where's the rest of that.
We had to get a bunch of things done to her to get her, to look like me.
The most people, most people don't want her to look at you.
She's. She just gave you a side-eye.
She's being very competitive.
Look at her. She does. She gives you side. I know.
It's rude. But what about,
what's the feeling that you feel when you look at a robot?
Cause I know you really don't like them.
Um, it's not that I don't like robots would I'm my concern is artificial
intelligence.
I have a legitimate concern for artificial intelligence because I think that
what we are is some sort of an electronic caterpillar that we're
making cocoons and that we're,
we're going to give birth to a butterfly and that's going to be the next stage
of life. And that if you go back and look at the evolution of the human species,
at one point in time,
we were in Australia [inaudible] we were some weird hominids and we
evolved and became what we are now.
And if you went back to those things and ask them, Hey, one day,
do you want to drive around the Tesla and talk on a phone and stare at the movie
screen? They'd be like, well, I don't know what the you're talking about,
but I got to go find some nuts. You know, I gotta eat, I gotta stay alive. It,
it wouldn't like the future. And I don't think we liked the future either,
but I think it's inevitable. I think it's inevitable. You know, you don't,
you know about this Elon Musk Neurolink thing that they're doing.
Oh yeah, I do. I mean,
cause you essentially think we're going to evolve with them. I mean,
they're already, we're already one with them, which sleep with them.
We can't drive without them. We can't spell without them. I mean,
we've already kind of merged with them.
I think it's a sneaky way of making it symbiotic.
They're they're going to be legitimately a part of your life.
I mean a part of your biotic.
Left your, I mean, you're not, you probably are cool about it,
but when I leave my phone somewhere and I realized I've lost up, like,
it's like an emotional it's like you've lost your kid at the mall. Oh.
I haven't seen it. Oh. Like that's yeah. It's part of it.
Well, it's um, we're all in denial about how addicted we are to.
Rehabs are opening and. Now are they really? Yeah.
I would like to sign up for sure. I just reached,
I reached for it in the car when I'm driving and I'm like, what the am I do?
I have to put in the backseat? I can't control it. It's mindless.
Better. Way better. I get way better about posting and looking at things.
It's also when enough people write negative things about,
you just tend to avoid.
I don't know what you're talking about. I've never had that experience.
No one writes anything negative about.
And it just seems like whatever we do in the future,
it's going to be more invasive than that.
Like if you think about like Facebook's algorithms, right?
Facebook's algorithms are designed to keep us engaged the best way to keep us
engaged is keep us outraged. The adrenaline. Yeah.
So they're sending you things that you off,
whether it's abortion or Catholic priests,
whatever it is that is going to get you to post the most.
And usually those are things that get people outraged.
So it's literally raising the level of outrage in our discourse because
we're.
So addicted right now to self righteous indignation. It's a drug.
And I feel like more than ever in the history of the culture, you know, like it,
this is probably like why,
if you go back and watch movies from like the seventies,
people got away with crazy, racist things, sexist things,
violence like Steve McQueen movies. He is, that was the girl, Allie McGraw.
He's a smacker in the phase for real in movies,
like crazy beat her on camera, you know?
And it's just what people did back then.
And what people got away with is it was a very, it was very different.
So in some ways we're making progress.
But then in some ways we're just way more easily outraged by almost anything and
everything like we're seeking it. Well now.
You can take your anger out on your robot.
I wanted to get a real doll, a male real doll.
And I wanted to call them up and say, no, Dick, no.
Just so I could practice jujitsu wise. And so the be,
it would be more relaxed club because I have this.
I was saying that I have this dog.
Are you worried?
I don't want him.
Coming over.
I don't want anybody coming over and going, Hey bro, why you got a sex dog go?
No, no, no, no, no. It's an asexual doll.
That is for jujitsu perverts. I mean it should,
they should be able to fill up the whole window or some.
Put some grout in there. Yeah. They have male, male sex,
robots are being made. There's tons of them. I've seen them.
You can also get and a Dick. If you want fucus, can't pick.
The Jim Morris package. Jim Norton special.
But it's uh, yeah, it's it's name is Henry meet Henry.
And can I do a lot of people get the male sex robot to figure out if they're
gay because they think they might be.
Yeah. Good move. What the is going on with Henry's eyebrows.
I'll tell you what Henry's gay for sure.
Yeah. Well, as I say, if you order a giant piece of Tupperware to,
I think you're gay. Save you and save your money.
That's like Henry's begging for a Dick in his mouth. Look at his face.
Henry looks like he has a Dick in his right now. That's the exact face.
You will make one.
Giant trigger.
Warning. And it's like Tuesday at 11:00 AM like, oh, I didn't see that coming.
Why is it a trigger warning? See it, no, this for this is, uh,
the following post contains descriptions of sexual scenarios that may be
triggering for those recovering from a struggle with porn. Oh God.
Porn addiction are nerfing this world.
It must be hard. I didn't even think about a hard,
it must be for people recovering from porn addictions to just surf the internet.
Sorry guys trigger warning.
But I have this theory book of.
Henry.
Oh gosh.
It looks of oh Henry. Remember those candy bars. Yes.
I do. Those were good. Yeah. I think they still make them.
You haven't had an oh Henry bars since the nine.